feat: Apps-Engine method for reading and counting unread room messages for a user (#32194)
RocketChat/Rocket.Chat: .changeset/chilled-files-relate.md

---
'@rocket.chat/meteor': minor
---

> Added methods to the Apps-Engine that interact with unread messages

Reviewer: Changesets should be in present tense

(i didnt change this but somehow im the one enforcing it lel)

---
'@rocket.chat/meteor': minor
---

> Added two methods in the Apps Engine:
> 
> 1. A method to retrieve unread messages for a user from a specified room.
> 2. A method to calculate the total number of unread messages for a user in a specified room.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Added methods to the Apps-Engine that interact with unread messages
```

Please keep changeset messages short and concise. Detailed info should be put in dedicated documentation if necessary
